sparring with a friend is good practice
aren't you a little short for a soldier
I'm the one and only ace here take yer
self-indulgent somewhere else that I can
swim faster than you you don't think
before you act do ya hey buddy you
should loosen up a little not a care in
the world huh you think being a grown-up
makes you cool I know what it feels like
to be a tool no you saying sorry now
need someone to toughen you up hot
blooded just the way I like them anyone
who gets in my ways at target this will
be over before you know it this will be
over before it starts think you can keep
up with me you sure seem confident
enough I can score even in the dark okay
now let's see what you're made of don't
run off at half-time
it's great to have momentum guess you're
a lot tougher than you look don't get
carried away don't let your thoughts
weigh you down I am so grabbing your
tail never let yourself hesitate always
give it everything you've got you're
like the punch line to a bad joke it's
no fun if you take a timeout no time for
second-guessing lighten up a little
would you don't think I'll go easy on an
amateur
hey guess we're both new at this try
your mind tricks on someone else no
holding back we go all out this isn't
gonna be the end sorry I don't think I
to prove your rule this is gonna stay
here it comes and like this well guess
I'll give you a break